README.md, before:

# Vishva 

## about

Vishva - A hindi word for "World"

A simple live scene editor for [BabylonJS](http://www.babylonjs.com/), a 3D HTML Webgl framework.

For intro and demo see [http://ssatguru.appspot.com/BabylonJS-Vishva/intro.html](http://ssatguru.appspot.com/BabylonJS-Vishva/intro.html)

For details see [wiki at https://github.com/ssatguru/Vishva/wiki](https://github.com/ssatguru/Vishva/wiki)

Written in TypeScript.

Note:  
The original version was written in Java and then transpiled to TypeScript/JavaScript using JSweet.  
It was originally written in Java, as at that time I wasn't very comfortable with the TypeScript language and ecosystem.  
Over time I have become more comfortable with it.  
The new version is thus written in TypeScript (based on the initial TypeScript code generated by JSweet).  
Porting to Typescript was easy, as JSweet generates human readable TypeScript thus allowing one to switch to TypeScript at any time.  
For those interested, the old java version is still available at [https://github.com/ssatguru/Vishva](https://github.com/ssatguru/Vishva)

## to run

* download project

* cd to "public_html" folder. Open "index.html" in browser. If you are using firefox browser then you can open it directly from disk. For others you will have to serve the file via. some http server due to cross origin requests restrictions. See [here for some helpful information](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/wiki/How-to-run-things-locally)

* for more help see [wiki](https://github.com/ssatguru/Vishva/wiki)

## to build

run gulp to build. 
This will compile the src and ouput javascript to public_html/js/Vishva-merged.js.  
Source under "src" folder.  
Dependencies under "public_html/lib" folder

## demo
For a demo  see [http://ssatguru.appspot.com/BabylonJS-Vishva/webapp/index.html](http://ssatguru.appspot.com/BabylonJS-Vishva/webapp/index.html)

## built using
* [BabylonJS](http://www.babylonjs.com/)
* [Java](https://www.oracle.com/java/index.html)
* [JSweet](http://www.jsweet.org/)
* [JQuery UI](https://jqueryui.com/)
* [FlexiColorPicker](https://github.com/DavidDurman/FlexiColorPicker)

## 3d assets, animations
* [Eat Sheep , Blend Swap](http://www.blendswap.com/blends/view/25065)
* [Yo Frankie, Blender Institutte](https://apricot.blender.org/download/)
* [Mixamo](https://www.mixamo.com/)
* [SecondLife Internal Animations and Skeleton](http://wiki.secondlife.com/wiki/Internal_Animations)

Commit message:

switched from gulp build to npm build

README.md, after:

# Vishva 

## about

Vishva - A hindi word for "World"

A simple live scene editor for [BabylonJS](http://www.babylonjs.com/), a 3D HTML Webgl framework.

For intro and demo see [http://ssatguru.appspot.com/BabylonJS-Vishva/intro.html](http://ssatguru.appspot.com/BabylonJS-Vishva/intro.html)

For details see [wiki at https://github.com/ssatguru/Vishva/wiki](https://github.com/ssatguru/Vishva/wiki)

Written in TypeScript.

Note:  
The original version was written in Java and then transpiled to TypeScript/JavaScript using JSweet.  
It was originally written in Java, as at that time I wasn't very comfortable with the TypeScript language and ecosystem.  
Over time I have become more comfortable with it.  
The new version is thus written in TypeScript (based on the initial TypeScript code generated by JSweet).  
Porting to Typescript was easy, as JSweet generates human readable TypeScript thus allowing one to switch to TypeScript at any time.  
For those interested, the old java version is still available at [https://github.com/ssatguru/Vishva](https://github.com/ssatguru/Vishva)

## to run

* download project

* cd to "public_html" folder. Open "index.html" in browser. If you are using firefox browser then you can open it directly from disk. For others you will have to serve the file via. some http server due to cross origin requests restrictions. See [here for some helpful information](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/wiki/How-to-run-things-locally)

* for more help see [wiki](https://github.com/ssatguru/Vishva/wiki)

## to build
make sure you have typescript installed locally or globally
run 
a) "npm install"
    this will install any dependencies.  

b) "npm run build" 
This will 
compile the src and output javascript to src/js, 
minify the javascript and output the minified javascript to public_html/js/Vishva-merged.min.js.  


## demo
For a demo  see [http://ssatguru.appspot.com/BabylonJS-Vishva/webapp/index.html](http://ssatguru.appspot.com/BabylonJS-Vishva/webapp/index.html)

## built using
* [BabylonJS](http://www.babylonjs.com/)
* [Java](https://www.oracle.com/java/index.html)
* [JSweet](http://www.jsweet.org/)
* [JQuery UI](https://jqueryui.com/)
* [FlexiColorPicker](https://github.com/DavidDurman/FlexiColorPicker)

## 3d assets, animations
* [Eat Sheep , Blend Swap](http://www.blendswap.com/blends/view/25065)
* [Yo Frankie, Blender Institutte](https://apricot.blender.org/download/)
* [Mixamo](https://www.mixamo.com/)
* [SecondLife Internal Animations and Skeleton](http://wiki.secondlife.com/wiki/Internal_Animations)
